you are now watching a Lucky Penny shop
product feature
hey it's Lucky Penny shop and it's time
for a milk chocolate Reese's peanut
butter egg and you have to say well I
have to say that it looks fat rather
springy and eastery yes with the colored
flowers let me just flip it around here
this side looks really scrumptious I use
the word scrumptious and then the sides
also has that pull of chocolate let's
check that one out and then the back
back of course gives you all the
information that you need whether you're
going to make a decision to eat it or
not and I've already made that decision
celebrate with Hershey's let's take a
look at this age now I'm not sure
exactly where this is going to fall into
the group of videos for Easter this year
because we also or I also got to do the
Twix one which was really good if you
like these giant candies I just kind of
want to see the relationship of peanut
butter to chocolate maybe I can dissect
it on its little platform here let's
look at it first it's nice that its
pattern on top and not just a flat piece
of chocolate so that's a bonus there and
you know basically I'm gonna cut it open
and we've all eat them right has
everybody had a Reese's Peanut Butter
Cup or a Reese's product there we go
let's get in there a little cardboard on
my knife cut it right down the middle
then I will open matching crack in that
chocolate egg didn't let me cut all the
way down because of the plastic but I
think we get the idea and the smell look
at all the peanut butter in there
see if I can take out the whole bottom
of this I don't know why something says
just look at the bed of peanut butter
wow now that's a picture check that out
but to eat it though I'll probably put
it back let me do this let me cut one
piece of this it's just a lot of
chocolate to eat this is definitely not
one sitting for me what about you can
you eat this whole thing in just one
sitting mouth is watering
I think the relationship to chocolate
and peanut butter is really good just
the thickness yep
it is sometimes on the easter egg or
different Reese's the chocolate very
thin that's good really good would
anybody want this for Easter do you
think you're gonna get one for Easter
did you see it on the shelves and I got
another piece yes this is probably gonna
be making people hungry sorry about that
these videos are not to make you hungry
they're just to show you the different
things out there like this hmm tasty
well leave a comment below what you
think of it if you'd like it and if
you're enjoying all the Easter videos so
far and thanks for watching
later if you want to find this sytem
click the link in the description area
below the video you can also watch more
videos in this series by clicking here
thanks for watching and always remember
if you see a Lucky Penny pick it up